all plants and animals are made up of
tiny things called silks bereket she's
only seven but don't tell Jill Weaver
she's too young to learn about the
makeup of living cells and identify
proper nutrient requirements using a
food pyramid okay Rick waiver is a
little more candid than most of us might
be he admits he's learning as his kids
learn studying he says wasn't his
priority when he was in school is it the
blood cell or the nerve cell be that's
right i had better things to do with my
time you know kick around on the
cul-de-sac or hang out with friends for
me a grade was always a threat it wasn't
a goal
a family hike in the foothills of the
Rocky Mountains near their home in
Colorado Springs as part of the learning
experience part of what Rick and Lisa
say they hope their four kids would get
out of k-12 the desire to learn for the
fun of it we wanted our kids to adopt an
attitude toward learning that it's not
something that ends on May 28 okay may
twenty eighth rolls around we get to
stop learning now we never wanted that
for our kids we wanted our kids to be
fascinated with life and for with what's
going on around them Lisa wanted an
educational program that would fit each
of her kids individually and once she
could be involved in she says most of
the options she looked at were
uninspired and uninspiring there's a lot
of curriculum out there but I would try
this one and it would work for one of
the kids but not the other and so forth
belisa is a determined woman not to be
denied she spent hours in a library
searching but then she found k12 offered
through the Colorado Virtual Academy it
provides a full curriculum prepared by
some of the best minds and education who
must have had a ball putting it together
and they seem to have gotten it right
here's at least some of what it is the
package comes with just about everything
you can imagine including a year's worth
of books and school supplies I see
microscope paint scales workbooks my
favorite handwriting without tears the
k-12 program is available in many states
through virtual public schools k-12 also
provides a state certified teacher who's
available by email by phone face-to-face
we also have a expert in reading that
the supporting teacher can go to your
she needs help and then they can always
go to k12
we are going to be making a self one of
the things that impressed me about the
k-12 curriculum is that kids can learn
the basics have grown up complicated
topics when they're Jill's age and then
build on that knowledge as they get
older just pour it all in go for it for
instance jill has started learning about
self while she is in the equivalent of
the second grade in this experimental
she and her dad are making a cell from
jello and a banana chunk well what is
the banana ah particle Nicole's nucleus
the control center isn't it that's the
brain the introduce concepts very early
and she did a lesson on cells then
Austin did a lesson on cells as well but
it was much more complicated did do a
great job at kind of stair stepping the
concept and then Scott our seventh
grader is now doing cells and getting a
microscope out and really observing
cells and they have that knowledge so
they can have conversation about cells
and that makes our atmosphere in our
home very interesting
sometimes I'll just be walking by and
resting man I really want to play piano
it was a k-12 music course it got austin
started on the piano for his parents
hired a teacher now after only one year
the ten-year-old is composing his own
music that's pretty good the one common
thing we've all heard this they all ask
you the socialization question there
they're afraid that somehow your
children are being deprived socially yes
oh I'm right here you're hearing friends
Danny namitha if the Weaver kids have a
socializing problem they're doing a good
job of concealing it these kids are not
shy and retiring they interact with
other kids in lots of ways including
this community drama club provides
remember this gun can shoot through
trucks if you're confused the other kids
are acting as stage furniture Austin is
the cat burglar and his brother Scott
the victim stick them up don't shoot be
quiet my right I'm totally silent they
associate with kids here in the
neighborhood they have camps that they
go to during the summer they
participated in athletic programs music
programs so they do get a lot of
explosion of other kids
depending on where you live you have a
state representative and what does that
mean what is the word state
representative mean k12 and the virtual
academy have filled days like this one
at the Colorado State Capitol watching
the legislature in action up close and
personal okay that's right there's the
Senate in the House of Representatives
Austin never want to decline an
interview is questioned about his field
trip by local TV i'm here today to
support cyber schools show the senators
that were actual people were not just
virtual people what's going on in state
capitals around the country is very
important to the future of online
education many states have adopted or
agreed to fund online public schools to
give parents a choice good job are you
done kotoko every day is a learning day
for the weavers whether they're in the
kitchen cooking reading a novel the
whole family actually seems to enjoy the
function of learning about everything
what a concept eukaryotic you only get
to go around the block one time and you
have a very short period of time in
which to accomplish that and i don't
want my kids to waste their trip around
the block I want them to make a
difference in the world the weavers knew
that enrolling their kids and the k-12
Virtual Academy was not going to be a
walk in the park that it would take a
strong commitment but they say it's been
worth it I am learning that education is
a wonderful thing that it can be a real
joy that it doesn't have to be a threat
it was it neat to watch your kids learn
how to walk absolutely but watch them
learn how to read that is amazing and
it's just because that's when their life
their lives open up
imagine growing up in a house where
learning is an adventure and the
coursework allows each kid to enjoy the
journey at their own pace for k-12
spotlight I'm lucky Severson in Colorado
Springs Colorado